# Sails_socket_test#### Installation---1. Install [redis](http://redis.io/download). All the settings for redis in my tests are just default2. Run `npm install`3. lift (at least) 2 instances of the sails app on different ports.i.e.`PORT=9000 sails lift --dev &>./9000.log &``PORT=9001 sails lift --dev &>./9001.log &`Note: the trailing ampersand will background the application.  Close the terminal or kill the application.#### Testing---Once the two applications are running, open browser tabs with `localhost:XXXX/` where `XXXX` are the ports that you have executed the sails applications on.The "Room list" select menu lists the rooms that your specific socket is connected to.  All websockets initially join a room with the name of _**their own socket id**_.  You cannot leave this room.  You can join rooms with the input below.  The "message to send"  will used for each of the 4 types of send buttons.Currently, I have 4 separate (purposeful) test cases.
1. Broadcasting to a room that multiple websocket connections are in, regardless of which sails instance they're connected to. <span style="color:green">Passing</span>
2. Broadcasting to a room that is the socket id of a separate websocket connection. <span style="color:green">Passing</span>
3. Blasting to all websocket connections connected to all sails instances. <span style="color:green">Passing</span>
4. Emitting to a specific websocket id that is not connected to the same instance (port) of the requesting websocket connection. <span style="color:red">Failing</span>
The 2nd test currently can be used as a work around to the 4th test failing.#### PurposeThe purpose of all this is simply to display the effects of running multiple instances of the sails app and intercommunication of the websockets connections to those instances.I have only tested all of this running on 1 physical machine, but theoretically as long as the applications can connect to a redis-server, it should work if the applications were on separate machines as well.  #### LicenseCopyright (c) 2015 Brett Berry.Released under the [MIT licence](https://github.com/sails_socket_test/blob/master/LICENCE).